fix rendering of `SemiStructured` columns in mapping source tree (#1183)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/smooth-items-confess.md

---
'@finos/legend-studio': patch
---

> Render UI properly for SemiStructure type. ([#1182](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/1182)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix an issue with the rendering of `SemiStructured` columns in mapping source tree ([#1182](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/1182)).
```
